All right now we are going
to remove this and
we are going to go to the next exercise.
And so you're going to see
a few things over here.
And so what we want to do is,
we want to use data attributes to
conditionally have this go
between different states.
So, let me just show you the end result.
And if you do wanna see
the end results at any time,
you could also go to indec.final.html.
So what we want to happen is,
of course when you type
in an email then you click Subscribe
it's gonna go to subscribing.
And then it's going to
go to the interstate and
then it's gonna shake a little bit.
So you want to define that shaking
animation only for the error state.
And again, you're going to use data
attributes in order to do that.
So we click again.
And it goes to success.
And it's actually going
to do that randomly, so
it might keep going back to error.
In this case, we got lucky and
went to success.
So, yeah, remember we're adding these
animations to each of the specific states.
And yeah, have fun.